# Tourism, Black Inequities and the Limits of Diaspora
**My research topic is African American LGBTQ travel to the Caribbean and the role of social media marketing.**

Rarely do scholars look simultaneously at the politics of travel, movement and geography. Particularly, they rarely do this with emphasis on Black LGBTQ people, the narratives that shape how the Caribbean is perceived and social media.
The relevant secondary literature to review includes three overlapping areas. First, I want to explore the area of Afro-Diasporic Studies. Through this section, I am to emphasize the Caribbean, but it is ultimately the work of renowned thinkers on global Blackness such as Saidiya Hartman, Christina Sharpe, Sara Kaplan and Paul Gilroy. second, exploring Black Queer Studies as a scholarly field opens specific theoretical interventions and language to understand Blackness and queerness. Scholars such as E. Patrick Johnson, LaMonda Horton Stallings and Natasha Tinsley have all contributed to a dynamic understanding of Blackness and sexuality in relationship with one another in the context of an anti-Black world, the history of slavery and the importance of the erotic and pure pleasure. I am also interested in consulting the scholarship on cultural geography and tourism. The scholarship in this field studies the practice of tourism from a critical perspective that is attentive to the relationship between history, landscape or geography and cultural interactions. Scholars such as Jafari Allen, M. Jacqui Alexander and Bianca Williams cast light on the way tourism is a part of a transnational exchange and the role of power in the types of economic, personal and sexual exchanges in tourism. This area of scholarship matters to my primary question because it offers evidence of the tangible and lasting impact of tourism in the historical and contemporary sense.

My research question is, how does online media narrate the impact of queer African-American travel to the Caribbean? While some narratives of African-American mobility are characterized by constraint, restriction and segregation, I am interested in the most privileged form of mobility – tourism. Considering online space, I want to uncover what narratives are told about the impact of Black LGBTQ tourism to the Caribbean – personal discover, community impact, diasporic encounters as simply a few possibilities. How does online media market thee experiences and does that influence African-American LGBTQ perceptions of Caribbean space?

My subject of study is online content produced or affiliated with the organization Bloom. Bloom is a Black-owned tourism and nightlife business that describes itself as a “global movement”. Every year, Bloom organizes vacations to the Caribbean or “freedom festivals” for African-American LGBTQ clientele.

My anticipated method is close reading of online content. I am interested in word choice and language for captions and analyzing the messages and conversations provoked by online content produced by this organization. Another anticipated method is visual analysis in order to interpret the choices and impact behind the images used to promote this organization. Particularly, I am interested in the ways images work to evoke affect and call to, or don’t call to, the idea of diaspora. I plan to find this content by scouring traces of this organization through Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, blogs and websites. I will determine what to collect based on what is directly affiliated with the travel experiences provided by the organization(s) I want to focus on that is posted on their platform or through another affiliation. This type of content relates to my research question because the online content will offer a sense of the messages and narratives this organization uses to influence perceptions and expectations about the impact of Black LGBTQ travel to Caribbean spaces. While I anticipate relying on those two methods, I may also consider doing a quantitative analysis for frequency of repeated words, perhaps, based on what I find through social media.

My proposed timeline is to review relevant secondary literature from 4/1 to 4/15. From 4/16 to 4/30, I plan to collect information on the social media footprints of Bloom. From 5/1 to 5/17, I plan to synthesize my observations from social media into a paper. 
